Better document mailing list (#439)
oscar-system/oscar-website: contact-and-support.md

To report a bug or issue, submit it to our [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/oscar-system/Oscar.jl/issues). A free [GitHub account](https://github.com) is required.

### Mailing list

> If you prefer email over GitHub and Slack, you can also join our mailing list [OSCAR-dev](mailto:oscar-dev@mathematik.uni-kl.de), by visiting <https://mail.mathematik.uni-kl.de/mailman/listinfo/oscar-dev> and following the instructions there. This mailing list is low-traffic, and mainly is used for announcments of OSCAR events and the occassional technical discussion.

Author: ```suggestion
For announcements of OSCAR events and the occasional technical discussion, we also have a low-traffic mailing list `oscar-dev`.

To join it, visit <https://mail.mathematik.uni-kl.de/mailman/listinfo/oscar-dev> and follow the instructions there. Afterwards you can send messages to it by writing an email to <oscar-dev@mathematik.uni-kl.de>.
```
